# AI Description Generator
> Although this module is completely free, the AI it uses is not. The module requires an API key obtained from https://beta.openai.com/account/api-keys and an OpenAI account with valid payment information. The pricing can be found at https://openai.com/api/pricing/, but on average you can expect each non-custom request made by this module to cost about $0.002 (2/10th of a single cent). It is advised to set a monthly usage limit if you are worried about costs, you can do so in your account settings here https://beta.openai.com/account/billing/limits.

> This module does not require any credentials except for your API key, which is stored locally in your Foundry settings. All billing is done from your OpenAI account.

GPT-3 is a text-based AI by [OpenAI](https://beta.openai.com/). This module provides a user-friendly implentation to communicate with its API from within your Foundry games to generate descriptions on the fly.

## Description Generator
All actors, items, and spells have a button added in their header for the GM to request a short description generated by the AI based on your rpg system and world/setting. Responses are put in the Foundry chat and can optionally only be whispered to you.

## API
Functions to construct and send your own prompts are provided under `game.modules.get('ai-description-generator').api`:
- `constructPrompt`: Construct and sends a prompt based on the provided context similar to how the base module does it.
	- `system`: The RPG system to be used for context. Use `game.settings.get('ai-description-generator', 'system')` to use the system that was provided in the module's settings.
	- `world`: The world/setting to be used for context. Use `game.settings.get('ai-description-generator', 'world')` to use the world that was provided in the module's settings.
	- `entityType`: Either `creature`, `item`, or `spell`.
	- `subject`: The name of the subject.
	- `key`: Your API key. Use `game.settings.get('ai-description-generator', 'key')` to use the key that was provided in the module's settings.
- `sendPrompt`: Sends a completely custom prompt.
	- `prompt`: The prompt you want to send.
	- `key`: Your API key. Use `game.settings.get('ai-description-generator', 'key')` to use the key that was provided in the module's settings.
